Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Tourism & Aviation industriesAs the Coronavirus pandemic unfolds, most industries face problems they had never imagined or prepared for. The Aviation and Tourism industries face the highest stress as Coronavirus spreads because not only are they a (usually) a leisure spending but also the nature of the disease directly conflicts with the industries’ innate business models. In this article, we will look at the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Tourism and Aviation industries both from the demand side and the supply side. The Aviation and Tourism industries has two major customers: tourists and business travellers. Let us base this essay in the India and see what the reaction of the customer segments is expected to be like. Almost all tourists will avoid vacationing for the foreseeable future because of: Financial hardship : an exceptionally large part of the world’s working population has been affected financially because of the pandemic. Unemployment rates are soaring and the ones who do still have a job are facing pay-cuts, furloughs and deferment of salaries. Risk of contraction : because the disease spreads via social contact, it will only be safe to vacation if the destination is regularly sanitized and is not crowded. Inherently, tourist destinations are not compliant with these regulations and even if the industry makes a change to being clean and introducing social distancing measures , convincing risk averse tourists of to travel to these vacation spots will be difficult. Expansion of alternatives ways to relax: as most people adapt to work-from-home environments, the burnout rate is declining. People are more relaxed in their own homes and very few people are eagerly looking for a getaway. Combined with this deterrent is the rise of alternative ways to relax. More and more people are going out for walks , doing yoga and finding new hobbies. Due to this increase for pursuit for happiness at home, it might be likely that tourists will avoid traveling because they don’t feel the urge to break-free and move away for a holiday. Now, let us look at different types of holiday revellers. Tourists can be foreigners or domestic tourists. According to Business Insider “ In 2019 , almost 10 million foreign tourists visited India — spending over 