Coronavirus impact on energy marketsThe coronavirus, also known as COVID-19, is not only a global public health emergency but also a source of significant regional and increasingly global economic disruption. This impacts the energy and climate world in many ways. The economic downturn puts pressure on global oil prices leading the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to consider further cuts to production. It hurts the demand for natural gas during a time of extremely low prices. It changes the economic, energy, and climate policymaking environment in China, one of the most consequential energy consumers and sources of greenhouse gas emissions. And it has temporarily disrupted supply chains throughout the energy industry, including renewable energy, at a time when supply chain connections with China were being revaluated due to ongoing tariff and trade disputes. How consequential or transformative any of these changes are for the energy sector or for climate efforts will depend upon the ultimate trajectory of the virus outbreak itself — Sarah Ladislaw, Senior Vice President and Director, Energy Security and Climate Change Program The energy sector has already felt the impacts of the coronavirus. The outbreak has contributed to a dampened demand for oil, resulting in plummeting oil prices and production declines. As we move forward, then, the energy sector expects to face two headwinds: managing the issues of the health emergency all sectors face, and simultaneously coping with a low oil-price scenario, lower demand and the need to shore up revenue and manage debt obligations. IMPACT OF COVID-19 ON INDIAN ENERGY MARKETS In India, distribution utilities have a lower tariff for domestic and agricultural consumers, sometimes even below the average cost of supply, as compared to that for commercial and industrial consumers. Table 1 provides the electricity tariff rates in Delhi for selected consumer categories to highlight these differences. Thus, for several distribution companies, the lower tariff-paying consumers are cross-subsidized by commercial and industrial consumers. Category Fixed Charge (